This is a release of the sbt-rats plugin containing the following changes:

* More support for parsing where whitespace is not significant, such as 
  is needed to parse binary formats (issue 6).

    * new `nospacing` directive for productions that causes whitespace after
    literals in those productions to not be skipped automatically.

    * new block non-terminals written `Foo[n]` where `n` is a number referring
    to another non-terminal in the same right-hand side. The `Foo` will be 
    parsed as a block of bytes whose length is given by non-terminal `n`.
  
    * Rats! sections can now be used on the right-hand side of productions
    so that the full power of Rats! can be used to define a non-terminal.
  
    * Support routines `strToInt` and `parseBytes` that are used by the 
    block parsers, but may be useful in other places.
  
    * See the updated Usage page on the sbt-rats wiki for an example that
    parses PNG files.

* New `ratsVerboseOutput` plugin flag to turn on verbose debugging output
in the generated parser (issue 12).

* The error messages produced when syntax errors are found in syntax
definition files have been improved in some cases (issue 9).

* Bug fix: actually use Scala-based positioning code when requested.

* Projects that use the plugin now depend on the main Rats! jar, not
just the Rats! runtime, because options such as `verbose` require
classes in the main Rats! jar.

* Moved to sbt 0.12.1.

* Some other minor code tidying and error message improvement.
